I met him and told him about such a big grievance,
Tell mom, tell me what happened?
Always, it’s a close relative!
This child doesn't recognize me,
It must be one of my dearest relatives,
He doesn't want to go to Fangjia,
This small dependence is related to the weight of the shop floor and the weight of the shoes.
Is it possible that it turns out that I feel uncomfortable and I don’t worry about putting on my shoes?
He is also restless and determined not to let that little shoe seem to be scattered.
If you don't play, we can put these little shoes on your back and make them the same today.
I can't express my anger
Just take it out like this
I'm so angry
I was looking for you
Came just in time
What do you want from me?
Are you going to threaten me with your child, right?
Kneel down
I usually kneel down